Skip to content
Search
⌘
K

Dress Like Mommy

Home
Orders
6
Products
Customers
Marketing
Discounts
Content
Markets
Finance
Analytics
Sales channels
Online Store
Point of Sale
Google & YouTube
Pinterest
Apps
T Lab - AI Language Translate
Sidekick conversations
Understanding Shopify pixels for tracking
Creating and managing blog posts in Shopify
Creating Mother's Day gift collection
Settings
Last 30 days
All channels
Next payout: $53.09
6 orders to fulfill
Good afternoon, let's get started.

Recover sales with your abandoned checkout email

An automated email is already created for you. Take a moment to review the email and make any additional adjustments to the design, messaging, or recipient list.

Review email
Your marketing data will soon be optimized

Shopify will soon monitor your data sharing to see if it’s driving results. When it isn’t, data pauses to limit oversharing, and starts again when it's needed.

Review settings
Learn more
Connect with customers quickly using Shopify Messaging

Create branded emails in minutes with a drag-and-drop editor and templates that showcase products, checkout links, and discounts. Send your first 10,000 emails free every month.

Send an email
Learn more
Automate welcome emails for new subscribers

Your customers want to hear from you after they sign up. Send a welcome email with a discount to encourage their first purchase.

Create welcome automation
Learn more
Measure your return on ad spend

Get unbiased insights into your ad performance data right from Shopify. Sync data from important channels, like Google and Instagram, to more easily compare metrics and decide how to improve.

View channel insights
Learn more
Boost confidence with split shipping in checkout

Give your customers more clarity at checkout by showing them when an order will be delivered in multiple shipments.

Go to shipping settings
Learn more
Apps you can trust with your business

Built for Shopify apps are quality-tested to work reliably without slowing you down. We've selected the best ones specifically for your store type.

View recommended picks
Add your logo to emails in Apple Mail

Create a consistent brand presence across apps that your customers use every day, like Apple Mail. Register for free with Apple Business and give your emails added visual appeal with Branded Mail.

Sign up
Get help growing your business with Shopify Partners

Connect with a network of skilled professionals offering a wide range of services to help you grow faster.

Find a Partner
A built-in taxonomy to power products

It's now easier to create and classify products to drive better product discovery and cross-channel selling, with over 10,000 product categories and and 2,000+ associated attributes using powerful AI.

Add product
Learn more
Add a customer account menu to your online store

Add the account component to your theme so customers can sign in and stay on your store, or navigate to account pages right from the header.

Learn more
Grow your email list with Shopify Forms

Expand your list of contacts and convert new leads with Shopify’s customizable forms tool. Set up pop up, overlay, and in-line forms, for free.

Install Shopify Forms
Learn more
Minimize impacts of new international trade regulations

Stay informed about upcoming changes to the global trade environment and learn how to protect your business, customers, and bottom line.

Read guide
A simpler way to adjust inventory is now live

Update inventory quantities with "Set To" or "Adjust By". You’ll see what changed on each row and every adjustment now records source, destination and who made the change.

Learn more
Customize order status and thank you pages with apps

All plans can now use apps to add functionality to the order status and thank you pages in a way that's secure and upgrade-safe, from the checkout and accounts editor.

Customize checkout
Learn more
All caught up
Discover more of ShopifyBrowse features, apps, and sales channels to grow your business
Explore now
Drive trafficUse marketing tools to attract more potential customers.
Improve conversionConvert more customers faster with built-in tools.
Increase order valueBoost sales by expanding to new channels, offering bundles, and more.
Resize Sidebar